You shameless
What do you want without money
Don't you go out to sell just for money?
Do you still want to feel good about yourself?
You don't want to give you 10,000 yuan.
Are you still a red card?
Your own meat price
Don't waste your time.
How much do you want?
Make an offer now
I said I don't want money
I just want you to apologize to my dad
Your father is a loser
There is no face or dignity
And I was a former Olympic champion.
We have ghosts.
My son, George High, is this year's Olympic champion.
Want me to apologize to this loser
Hmm no way
I advise you to take it as soon as you see it
Don't be shameless
Hey
You keep saying that Zhao Daming is a waste
Zhao Daming lost
But people keep their promises and don't turn them in for ten years
What about you? You lose and you try to cheat.
I think you're even worse than wimps
Must apologize
Apologize, you losers
Not worthy of my father's apology